Your Majesty, you are the Son of Heaven
How can you wear Weichen's hat?
Naturally, the dragon crown matches you best.
Sure enough, that woman is the most ignorant
Wow, it's so sweet.
Wow, it's so icy, it's so sweet.
This is too delicious
Hahaha um
Eunuch Li is angry with the world
This is the first time I've heard of it in so many years
You are bold and unpredictable
What do you care so much about?
Just do it.
The specifications of convergence are only available to the Queen
The emperor did not say what specifications to use for reception
Move your stupid head
Think of the master in the cold palace
You said he has no consolation, right?
He is also the crown princess whom the emperor married before he ascended the throne
According to the law
That's the queen.
Ahaha!
Oops hahaha oops
What is this?
The Empress wants you to go to bed tonight?